---
title: 'Session 11: Upsetting nobels is our job'
layout: 'post'
---

Rescued the Stone of Golor from the Growlhunds, only to have it taken back by Zord's minions.

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (present)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (present)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (present)
* Aethrax (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (away)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (present)
    * Tisk - rat familiar
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (away)

---

Because we apparently can't sit still, immediately after getting back from the adventure with Vivet Blackwater, we walked straight into Zord's next trap: the Gralhunds!

We swung by their place on a tip, and immediately heard fighting and saw a room full of corpses. Shortly after, we were dragged into a bloody combat. We helped the Gralhunds fight off the invaders (including one of the Elfs that they'd blown up).

After the dust settled, I gave Dezri my Potion of Invisibility to ensure we got the Stone. The Gralhunds said that they had tried to betray the elves who had the stone, but that caused even more trouble and they just want to be done with it.

The second I tried to take the stone, some Drow burst in the window. I told Dezri to grab it, which he did, causing quite a dramatic scene where they held a gun to my head. I'm pretty sure I could have disarmed them before there was any trouble, but then Dezri turned around and gave them the stone. And they recognized him!

I'm so sick of these stupid games. We're supposed to trust each other. I've seen Dezri change from the gruff and angry Torrin to the anxious and helpful Dezri, and I know he means well, but is also caught between two different friends.

I insisted that we need to talk to Zord and clear the air. We sent him a note and headed down to his fair to find out what's going on.

He invited us only his ship and dropped his disguise - he's a drow!

I guess we'll find out more soon!

Oh also, Nerali murdered a hostage and I'm still grumpy about that.
