---
title: 'Session 7'
layout: 'post'
---

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron
* Torrin (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy
* Aethrex (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick
    * Tisk - rat familiar
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe

Still at the ball!

We managed to have a little conversation before the big dance. They told me about The Black Viper, who has apparently come back and started robbing nobles. How curious!

The big dance was... weird. We floated like we're in water, which to me felt like motion sickness. I hid in the corner, tried to strike up conversation with Esvele about The Black Viper, but that went nowhere.

Zord invited Vaeris (which I think means us?) to an opera/play/dinner on Ches 28. He also lied about meeting Torrin, which is strange!

Then, Tala and Vaeris have a big fight in the middle of the ball. We got them separated, but awkkkkward!

Tala and Torrin talk to Mert as we leave the ball, and ask about the mineflayer, the Black Viper, and I forget what else. We learned that Rosher was a high family but had a falling out because of selling slaves. Mert gave us an invite for a play on Ches 28 - same one as Zolo I think?

Then, we head back to the manor. Torrin shows off the compass he stole (oddly honest of him, ironically), while Vaeris and Tala picked their argument back up and eventually Tala steps out. Torrin goes with Tala and tries to calm him down.

In the morning, we have a note from Davil that I failed to record. :) Apparently it was to pick up and deliver potions

We got in a bit of trouble for dumping the bodies in the sewer. We didn't know what to do! We just paid the fine, though, and we'll do better.

The next day, we planned to take Vaeris and Aethrex to see Blackstaff, but Aethrex wouldn't go. Blackstaff says that Vearis is okay, but asks us to go talk to a bronze dragon at the harbor to find out what its deal is.

Meanwhile, in the Halls of Justice, we go looking for a cleric to try and deal with Aethrex (intervention!), and find a giant dwarf who offers to help.

I visit my old friend Princess Buttercup (and her minotaur guard) in the dock ward to ask about the Black Viper, but no information. I did get to hear about her new offspring, though.

When we reconvene, Aethrex is confronted by Holga (the Cleric we hired), and freaks the heck out! He turns into a bear and it takes all of our collective power to stop him. Thankfully, we can, and Holga manages to get the gross worm thing out of his head and get him fixed up.
