---
title: 'Session 8'
layout: 'post'
---

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron
* Torrin (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy
* Aethrex (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick
    * Tisk - rat familiar
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe

Probably a shorter journal today, it was a crazy one!

The team spent a good chunk of the day arguing about what they've been hiding, who they've been working for, who they've pissed off, and more. Torrin has been feeding info to Zord (though it sounds like he still has something to hide?), Nerali pissed off The Order of the Gauntlet and escaped, and I think Tala said he failed out of wizard school? I dunno, I don't like it when friends fight so I kinda tuned it all out after awhile.

Then we all went to bed.

The next morning (Ches 27), we woke up to an EXPLOSION! 3 elves, 1 gnome, and Elra. It seems that the elves and gnome were having a disagreement about something when a clockwork person (Nimbleright) dropped a fireball bead, grabbed something from them, and then ran off! The elves are Zhent and the gnome is Xanathar, but when we talked to Yagra and her boss they said they're from the fake faction.

Nerali healed Elra and one of the elves. The elf was taken in by the Watch, but escaped (we talked to the Watchmen and they seem on the up and up). I had went to fetch Yagra, so I missed most of the action, but it sounds like Vaeris tried to lie to the watch - again - and got caught (lol).

While I was gone, Ranear arrives. Apparently the gnome - Dalakar - had been spying on them and they were supposed to meet to share information and to give Ranear an item (likely what was stolen). 

The crew went and found one of the Nimblerights. Apparently they were being sold at the seafarer's festival (I think?), and a bunch of nobles bought them - uh oh! It seems that they're somehow tied up with Captain Zord, it kinda seems like all roads lead back to him.

Later that day, we all went down to the Cassalander's place. They seem pretty sure that the Enigma everybody is jockeying for is just the money. Because of a really stupid deal they made with a demon lord, their children's souls are promised to the Demon Lord unless they can raise the money, so they want to hire us to get it. It sucks if their children's souls get taken, but that was also a bit of a stupid thing for them to do, all things considered. I think we want to help them, if we can, but I'm not convinced we're even going to get money for all this.

They did, however, tell us that the artifact is a stone and 3 eyes, and that they can be used to wipe everybody's memory and store it. They think that the gold is still in the city, and that the stone was used to make everybody forget the vault (they don't think it could have been moved because it would take a whole caravan, but the memory of the caravan could also be removed so.....?)

