---
title: 'Session 10: The best sleep of my life'
layout: 'post'
---

Spent a night in jail. But y'know? It was the best sleep I've had all week. Nothing insane happened in the middle of the night, besides Nerali singing.

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (present)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (away)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (present)
* Aethrex (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (away)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (present)
    * Tisk - rat familiar
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (away)

---

When I last wrote in my journal, we had just found a Cassalanter cult house and killed the cultists/demons inside.

We tried to send Nerali and Dezri to fetch Tala, but they're still mad at each other so we sent Dezri and Vaeris instead.

While they're off fetching Tala, we lock up the house and wait nearby. At some point, we see the door open/close and the place EXPLODES! Then suddenly Lord Casslanter is standing in front of us casting a spell - he tells us that we burned down the house, and sends us to go stand in front. Fortunately, I resisted, and was able to wake up Nerali before we did anything bad. We did, however, end up getting arrested for arson and sent to jail overnight.

In the morning, Tala and Dezri show up and use Blackstaff's leverage to get us out. They confirmed that having a demonic cyst like that and not reporting it is indeed illegal, and it was good that we'd reported it. She was curious why we're listening to Zord, and so am I really. She gave Tala a Sending scroll for next time.

Zord sent us a note saying that the Nimblewright who blew up was owned by the Gralhunds, who we hadn't heard of up to now.

---

Tala and Dezri go to Cassalanter's to find out what information they could provide while me and Nerali stayed nearby. Nerali did some busking and made a bit of silver. Apparently the Cassalanter's no longer wish to deal with us, which is no surprise - I'm not 100% clear on how much they know, but they know enough to not deal with us.

---

Since we're nearby the Drunkard, we decide to look into Vivet Blackwater. We went by a bit too early, and just kinda hung out. Eventually Vivet showed up and started immediately drinking heavily and doing karaoke. Dezri chatted her up (and Nerali made it weird), and they hit it off hot and heavy. Before we knew it, they were heading back to Vivet's place and we were following!

At some point Dezri wanted to call things off, and we didn't act very quickly. He took matters into his own hands, throwing up and crying and really creeping out Vivet. I felt bad that we didn't intervene, we really really should have. If we expect each other to take risks, we need to have each other's backs. That's a big lesson I'm taking from today.

He pickpocketed a note off Vivet saying "my masters would like to strike a deal with the Zhent" sent by Seffia Naelryke and with the Cassalanter's seal on it. I guess that Zhent faction is replacing us in the Cassalanter's plan!

Another tidbit that we learned was that Davil's faction is not highly regarded by this faction - this just confirms something we already knew, but it does give me a bit more faith in Davil and Yagra.
