---
title: 'Session 4'
layout: 'post'
---

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron
* Torrin (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick
    * Tisk - rat familiar
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe

I was mentally away for the better part of the day! While I was gone, it sounds like everybody pissed off Zarshish - our contractor! Hopefully we can appease him

Thankfully, upon arriving, the bathroom seems to be complete and Zarshish is working on the main floor now!

A new person walked into the tavern, sent to help by Volo - a grumpy-seeming Eladrin who brags about being rich but who is "on leave"? We gave him the gun we took from the Drow assassin, which whatever, but the rest of us aren't being paid!

We all got dinner at an elf-dwarf fusion restaurant - paid by Tala - and discussed opening the bar. We're thinking a soft-open on the 1st and a grand opening on the 5th (which is a holiday)

Next day! The 23rd

Part of the party (Torrin, Zendari, and Nerali) went down to the Castle District to look for help running our pub. They asked for a supplier, barwench, and an illusion-maker to make the facade look nicer. They would later send us a bunch of entertainers, which just goes to show how useful City Hall is!

The three of them then went by the theatre mentioned in a pamphlet. They weren't clear on details, but it sounds like they made a ruckus, pissed off the director, befriended a ghost, and got some information from dressing rooms. Oh, and stole some rations. They copied down the note, "To J.B. (Torrin's sister??): Strange eyes on Stormcastle. Black snakes blocking trade. Take care when messengers approach house. Alternative something. Warn Fenris. K."

Meanwhile, me and Tala climed Mount Waterdeep to visit the hermit. It was a tiring hike, but felt good to get out of the city for awhile! The hermit (Lam) was a bit of a grouch (which I guess is why he's a hermit).. he asked us to prove who we were, but Black Staff didn't give us any proof - we assumed that they knew what's going on, but obviously not! We gave the Hermit news from the city, from the Mindflayer and gem to the warring gangs. That seemed to satisfy him.. he said, "Evil's twin hides its face for now, expect that to change before winter's end", and gave us a Scroll of Revivify

As we wrap up the day, we get a note by carrier bird, which Torrin arrived and seemed unhappy about.

Next day! The 24th

We received a message from Davil saying that the drow we took prisoner was found dead in their Watch cell.

Torrin went down to Smoke & Steam, and met the two Genassi that run it. Picked up enough locks to actually lock down the whole house. He also invited them to our grand opening, and they said they'd come!

Me and Nerali stayed back and interviewed a barwench - Reba. She was super kind, and I liked her a lot! Hired her on the spot, she'll be coming back on the 1st and working for 5 gold/tenday

Nerali and Zendari took the Hermit's information to Black Staff, and she wasn't happy with it, but nevertheless gave us a Cloak of Billowing, which Nerali of course took.

Zendari and Nerali interviewed the next candidate, Lorenzo Nightflirt. From what they told us, he's Vaeris's type (warmblooded), but not what we're looking for. He also couldn't sing.

Meanwhile, me and Torrin headed to the library to look into Fenris Stormcastle. Apparently he makes chandaliers (a chandalierier?) in the South Ward. We went to visit him. While he was distracted by Torrin I tried to snoop, but got kicked out. He said he mended things, but didn't say much about what he said. He did, however, buy a chandalier made of trash.

Meanwhile, Zendari and Nerali interviewed a cook, Mallory Stormtease, who wore ragged clothes but has a beautiful cleaver. She sounded like an excellent cook, and her stir fry was amazing, but our interviewers chased her off!

Next interview was Agurno, an Eladrin who had performing mushrooms! They invited her to come back so others could see her.

Finally, we met up in the evening and debriefed. Zen and Tala headed home, and as we were going inside a pair of Draughrs with eye tattoos burst in the door! Torrin fell down the stairs and I got stabbed a lot, but thankfully Lif, our ghost buddy, helped us out!
