---
title: 'Session 9'
layout: 'post'
---

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron
* Torrin (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy
* Aethrax (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick
    * Tisk - rat familiar
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe

The tavern is looking great!

---

Tala and Torrin headed to Blackstaff to update them on the goings ons. We found out that the Gnome worked for Dagalt and was trailing Ranear, and that the Gnome had the stone that was stolen from the Zanathar (Speak With Dead is pretty cool!)

We also found out that the Zhent faction is working with an evil wizard - Manchun - who was supposedly dead.

And finally, we found out that the Stone of Goloar is probably a petrified Abolith, an evil creature that existed before the world. Blackstaff will look into how to destroy the Abolith, but I'm a bit suspicious of that.

Me, Aethrax, and Nerali go down to the Cassalanter's house to negotiate with them. I think I upset Vaeris by agreeing to trade the majority of the gold we find for information they can provide us. Vaeris was huffy all day afterwards. I think it's a good deal, because who cares abou tthe gold? I don't even think it exists.

---

Back at home (I guess it's home now!), Tala and Vaeris have some nice moments, it seems like they're patching up a friendship.

Before heading to the opera, me and Nerali went to see Princess Pudding Pop again to find out if she has any information about what's going on. She knows that the Cassalanters make bad deals, which we already knew, but not much else.

Others went to the library where the ylearned about aboliths, Cassalanters, and devil contracts.

Tala went to brothels to find out more about Capt Zord, and found out he's STRAIGHT (eww!), and had been looking for drow sex workers

---

Operate time!

The operahouse was super gaudy and ostentatious. I can't believe people go here on purpose!

Vaeris, Torrin, and Aethrax went and hung out with Zord while me and Tala found Mert. We debriefed Mert on basically everything, and he assured us that he trusts Blackstaff and Laerel.

It sounds like Vaeris and Zord had some words, but Vaeris came out trusting him.... more? It sounds like Zord wants to get his town added to the Lord's Alliance.

One lead we got: the Cassalanters have a house on Avine st that we should investigate. We'll probably go there tonight!

Another lead: the Zhent faction is working for Vivet Blackwater at the Growkind Tavern  - we should invetigate her

---

Back at the tavern

Torent went upstairs, and came back down AS A DROW! It turns out that Torrin is actually Dezri, and has been in disguise this whole time. Big!