---
title: 'Session 6'
layout: 'post'
---

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron
* Torrin (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy
* Aethrax (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick
    * Tisk - rat familiar
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe

Follow-up
* Torrin invited to Casselandor estate
* Remalia mentioned the Black Viper, who's been stealing from nobles
    * Esvele Rosznar recognized the Black Viper name as well?
* Invited to visit Walter Phylund @ the Castle District

After sleeping off my wounds after the big fight, nobody was home so I made coffee and lunch and tidied up a bit. After awhile, everybody came back, COVERED in blood. What are we even doing? Apparently the Mindflayer interrogated Vaeris and Aethrax. It sounds like it wasn't awful, but I wish Vaeris would think before taking risks like that. He thinks it has something to do with our families - what if it does?

Ranear sent over his fashionista. She dressed us all up nice - much to the chagrin of Torrin and others! She was amazing, though, she gave me a tuxedo that looked trim, but that I can hide anything in! I need to find out if I can keep it, I think it looks great on me!

Then............. we went to The Ball. I've never been in the room with so many nobles at the same time. I don't think I have a history with any but... yikes!

Thankfully, I was paired up with Vaeris and Torrin, which means I didn't have to do much talking. On the downside, the immediately walked up to FRICKING LAEREL. I'm not even sure he knew who she was? Anyway, that was a bit of an embarrassing scene. We told them about the gang violence we witnessed. Torrin took the Cassalanders aside, not sure what they talked about. 

Eventually I dragged Vaeris away, and we decided to explore a bit. We opened the first door we saw, and all I could hear was Volo having a, uhh, good time with somebody. It was dark. To his credit, Vaeris saw everything and dragged me out when I froze, mouth agape. No words...

We kept wandering, and found an empty room. We ducked in there for awhile to take a breath. Vaeris started looking for secret passages and stuff. I played along, but I just needed some space. At least in here, he's not staring at Zord!

Finally, we ran into Mirt (our contact), Remmalia (another Harper), and Renaer. We debriefed them a bit, but we didn't get a lot of juicy information!

I'm sure a lot was happening with the others as well, but we'll find out later!
