---
title: 'Session 9.5: You Have Hell Cysts'
layout: 'post'
---

WTF is going on with my life? I made one confident decision ever - agreeing to a stupid financial deal with the stupid Cassalanters - and now Vaeris is mad at me and we somehow got all wrapped up in some demon summoning thing. I never thought I'd miss the street life!

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron
* Torrin (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy
* Aethrax (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick
    * Tisk - rat familiar
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe

---

So today never seems to end!

After the opera, we decided to investigate the Casslanter's secret(?) building. Nerali came down to join and meet Dezri for the "first" time, which was a bit of an adventure. I tried to give a speech about how we've bonded and stuff, but like what? 8 days ago I was a nobody!

Anyway, we put on disguises and headed out into the pouring rain. We found the house just fine, in the middle of the Castle district.

We discussed the best way to approach it covertly when Vaeris just knocked. The first thing we saw was a cultist and two imps by the door (not very secret?), and the imps immediately saw through his disguise. So we had to fight them!

Honestly, we did pretty well for a chance. Normally we blow it. We handled the elves, cultist, and wizard pretty cleanly.

Then - the best part - two other cultists are woken up and step into the room. Vaeris disguises himself and comes up with a decent story, and the cultists start to head back to bed. Then he asks them a person question - THAT THE PERSON HE WAS DISGUISED AS WOULD KNOW - and they immediately get suspicious and blast the hell outta us. Thankfully Nerali was with us to heal us, because otherwise we would have been screwed!

After that, we searched the house. We found a fiend mirror, barrels of potions, and a basement with a "hell cyst".

We spent some time discussing who to tell and whether we should wake up people at 1am. We honestly don't know how big of a deal this is - I wish Tala was here! He usually knows about this sorta thing.

Is this illegal? Is this something Blackstaff would *care* about? Do all the nobles do this sorta thing but nobody talks about it? NO IDEA. We knew they'd dealt with a devil, so maybe it's implied that they have a place like this?

HELP, TALA!!
