---
title: 'Session 12: Even our downtime is work!'
layout: 'post'
---

Finally got "Zord"'s backstory, and opened our tavern!

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (present)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (present)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (present)
* Aethrax (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (present - zoom)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (present - zoom)
    * Tisk - rat familiar
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (away)
---

Zord re-introduced himself as Jarlaxle Baenre, a drow who is essentially exiled for not conforming to Drow customs. His story about wanting to get Luskin into the Lord's Alliance seems to have been true, at least. He gave us a lot of information including: Laerel is aware of him, he owns the theatre we visited, he knew the Drow assassin but they weren't working on his orders, the Nimblerights are his spies but he doesn't control them, and the Growhunds raid was a huge disaster on his end. He also gives us an Immovable Rod, which is a neat trick. He also gave us 100gp each in good faith, and said we can attend the meeting.

We voted on accepting Zord's offer, but Nerali and Tala aren't on board, though Tala said that they would go with the party.

We decided to take it easy: do some shopping (and snooping) and get ready for our Grand Opening!

Grand Opening comes, and we have lots of people come by! We found out that Davil was arrested because of the Growhund raid by the other Zhent, so we're going to have to deal with that. Volo was excited to meet Lif. Holga tried to kill Lif. Yagra drank way too much. Vaeris was super awkward around Flune, which was cute/hilarious.

Our waitress - Reba - spit in a customer's drink, then licked Elra's head before turning into a wererat. Dezri hilariously managed to play it off as an intended show, and Aethrax chased them out the door. I promised we'd have an even bigger production at our grand opening.

An Order of the Gauntlet person came by to try and arrest Nerali. The charges are petty theft and other things that kinda sound like what Nerali would do. We're going to have to deal with that, I think - we might just be able to repay them.
