---
title: "Session 13: It's less fun without Vaeris!"
layout: 'post'
---

Our first successful raid???

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (away)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (away)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (present)
* Aethrax (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (present)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (present)
    * Tisk - rat familiar (present!!)
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (away)
---

Well, in the morning, it happened - Tala disguised themself as Vaeris and broke up with Floon, with Dezri... helping? That went about as awkwardly as you could imagine, including Floon saying "I left my wife for you!!" before running out (naked). Yikes!

---

Eventually, we woke up Yagra, who was sleeping on my couch. We promised her that we'd help Davil, and gave her breakfast.

Off we went to the Watch building - again. At least this time I'm on the outside! We visited with Davil, and made some awkward smalltalk before having a real conversation psychically.

Davil was apparently picked up because of his connection to the Zhent, even though it's the wrong faction. We learned that Davil is an Enchanter, which is kinda cool.

He identified a Zhent HQ in the South Ward called Kolat Towers, but it needs a passkey (that we likely have). He also said that they know somebody who might be able to do it - a blacksmith named Garlida Nutshore? I tried to write it down but can't read their name.

He also mentioned another outpost called the Yellow Spire, which is an abandoned tower in the Castle District.

We also asked him about Vivet, apparently she was loyal but prone to violence, so he's not surprised she left the faction. We told him we intercepted a letter, but he didn't have much to say about that.

---

So then we headed to the Yellow Spire. I steeled myself to get shot a lot, since that's what normally happens.

We staked out the place for a couple hours, and only saw one Normie looking person go in. Eventually, we got ourselves ready - me and Dezri were invisible, Aethrax was a rat, and Tala held back. I tried - and failed - to pick the lock, so Dezri did instead. Tala cast an illusion of the door on the door so we could carefully open it.

And..... the room was empty.

We went downstairs first, led by Tisk, and found a room with a Teleport Circle. We barred that door and headed up stairs.

Upstairs, also led by Tisk, we found a ritual going on with cultist and a guy tied/gagged (non-consensually!!). We got into position and.. wrecked them. Took down the leader immediately, and put the rest either to sleep or killed them ( :( ). Some flying snakes also got involved, but they weren't super scary.

We freed the prisoner, and took our own prisoners.

Their prisoner is the editor of Waterdeep Post (San Chien), and their plan was to make him write back stuff about Laerel. They also told us that the teleport circle is for Manchun, but didn't have much more info than that.

We called in the Watch to come get the prisoners, and reported the Circle to Elra / The Black Staff.

While reporting to the Black Staff, she told us that a friend of hers from Force Grey may have been infected by an Intellect Devourer - Melroon Wardragon. She wants us to find out what's going on, and perhaps capture him - she even gave us a Scroll of Revivify.

After jabbing Tala in the ribs repeatedly, they finally asked about Davil, and The Black Staff promised to help if we can bring proof.

Finally, she agreed to help repairing the amulet.

---

Tala insisted on stopping at Floon's house on the way home to try and patch things up with the Wife. But apparently Floon was exaggerating when he said he'd left her. So all's well there.

---

I wonder where Nerali went?

---

On the way to The Yawning Portal, we stopped by Kolat Tower. We confirmed there's a forcefield, but otherwise didn't learn much.

---

Finally, we headed to The Yawning Portal and hung out with Meloon a bit, but saw no real evidence of the Intellect Devourer.

---

We heard a rumor that a Unicorn Horn was stolen from Waller Phyllun by The Black Viper. It's unclear why he admitted it, though!
