---
title: "Session 15: Unlikely alliances"
layout: 'post'
---

Adventuring is for the rats!

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (present)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (away)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (present)
* Aethrax (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (present)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (away)
    * Tisk - rat familiar
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (away)

---

So maybe the weird dungeon actually happened? Is that what other adventurers do?

Nerali was CONVINCED that our glass unicorn is cursed, which isn't technically incorrect, but it was cursed to be glass, not cursed to be evil! So we brought it by Holga who offered to smash it, but who confirmed it's not evil. She did say she'd help with the Intellect Devourer when we need it, though.

We heard that there's an old druid who ascended to demi-god-dom (wtf?), from the Phaulkin family. We tracked them down, met with Mareth Phaulkin (only me and Aethrex were allowed in, Nerali and Dezri had to wait outside - haha), and immediately were addressed by Jareth. When did my life get like this?

Jareth turned the unicorn statue back into a unicorn and gave us a Bracelet of Arachnids, specially customized for Druids so it'll stay on during Wildshape. She also asked us to rescue animals, which Aethrax is thrilled about!

Meanwhile, Dezri and Nerali were begging for money on the street. They really don't understand what it means to have a reputation, their antics are getting kind of embarrassing, since people likely recognize us...

---

Back at home, a Zhent (Doom Raider) named Istrid Horn showed up and asked to stay on the couch, offering us 50 platinum. He also asked us to complete a quest for him, to find this kid named Dasher Snowbeetle. He offered us 60 gold and a Potion of Gaseous Form. In retrospect, we need to get those!

So we headed over to the Snowbeetles. They were immediately terrible, even for nobles. They wanted us to go rescue their son who had run away with his friends Rosco and Reba (the were-rat??)

---

We then headed to the Yawning Portal to deal with the Meloon thing. Dezri really got excited about faking the Well challenge. Then we treid to set up a card tournament, which kinda went too far and fell apart. Instead we just played cards with Meloon and continued befriending him.

---

The next morning, we headed over to the Seamaiden's Fair to see Jarlaxle. His guys said to come back the next day at 10am.

---

We headed to the Dock Ward to find out what happened to Dasher. We found his weed dealer, and Aethrax started setting up a distribution business. We found out that the halflings are all were-rats and are staying at the Silver Shunners Hotel, so we went over there. We also invited the weed dealer to our grand opening (tomorrow!)

At the Silver Shunners Hostel, we were greeted by Rosco, the guy from the Shipwrite's Ball who gave us the Anti-compass. We found out that Reba was hired by the Xanathar to sabotage our grand opening. We paid her her back-wages that we owed her, and offered her 1g to come back to the Grand Opening to one-up what she did last time.

Dasher asked us to lie to his parents that he's killed because they're awful, which obviously we agreed to. He gave us some of his hair, and in exchange they owe us a favor.

---

To help sell Dasher being killed, we dragged his hair into the sewers new the candy store to look for signs of the Xanathar. We found and followed the eyeball symbols until we found a big spiral staircase with an eyeball motif on the walls (real subtle, guys). We marked the place on our map (near the Castle), and headed back to Dasher's parents' place.

---

We reported back to the Snowbeetles, and they were obviously super upset. I think we were supposed to feel bad about lying to them, but as a queer person I'm very okay with helping kids escape their awful families. I hope their little siblings get out too, when they're able!
