---
title: "Session 16.5: Tilting at windmills"
layout: 'post'
---

Wherein we explore an old windmill

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (present)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (away)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (away)
* Aethrex (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (away)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (present)
    * Tisk - rat familiar (present!)
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (present)

---

First thing, we cleaned up the bar after yesterday's brawl. Nerali offered to replace the table that was broken, which was very sweet. Tables cost a lot of gold in this city!

Dezri got a letter from Jarlaxle and went off to do something, and Vaeris decided to do his own thing today, so we decided to go see Savra, from The Gauntlet, who's been hounding Nerali.

---

When we turned up at Savra's temple, she was praying. Nerali sort of apologizes for what happened in the past and asks for Savra's help with the mindflayer. Nerali did a really great job, and Savra agreed to help after confirming everything with Holga. She will come over tomorrow to discuss things. Exciting!

---

Next, we went to the old windmill that Jarlaxle told us is associate with the Cassalanters. We scouted it a bit with Tisk and Zendari flew off to the second floor, which was pretty cool. I didn't know nobles could do that!

We ran into a pair of gnomes, to whom Nerali convinced that we own the windmill now.

Upstairs, we explored a bit and I fell through the flood. Thankfully I caught my Rod of Immobility (whatever it's called) and didn't hit the floor!

We ran into a pack of Spiny Devils and a single cultist whom we took care of pretty quickly. We managed to capture the cultist and are going to take him to The Blackstone for questioning.

From our own questioning, we determined that the Eye they found is from the crypt of Neverember's widow, and we confirmed that by finding it marked on a map.

Finally, we learned that they were using a ritual circle to spy, sorta like a Ouija Board is how it was explained?

That's it for this shorter adventure!
