---
title: "Session 22: Sis-tyr act"
layout: 'post'
---

I was promised a beach!

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (present)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (present)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (present)
* Aethrex (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (present)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (present)
    * Tisk - rat familiar (away)
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (away)

---

As I wrote last week, we were kinda paranoid about being followed or ambushed at
Trollskull, so we went to the Temple of Tyr instead (hopefully Zendari is okay
with fending off a Beholder and Mindflayer if they show up!)

It seems that Holga is having a problem of her own! They're preparing for a big
celebration for Tyr, where they do a play and donations to raise money for an
orphanage, but it seems that they didn't prepare enough!

Over a couple of days, we:

* Stole costumes from Jarlaxle's theatre (me, Dezri, and Nerali)
* Got a story published in the newspaper thanks to our friend we rescued (me and
  Nerali)
* Tended and then killed the gardens (poor Vaeris)
* Hung decorations (yay Tala!)
* Cleaned up the animals (Aethrex)

And I forget what all else!

We also had a run-in with the billionaire who's trying to shut down the
orphanage!

When the big moment came, the actors all got sick and we had to fill in! We had
Tala do special effects and a disguise, Aethrex played the dog with wildshape.

Before the show, I helped gather a crowd, and the whole crew helped get
donations.

During the show, I helped keep the audience going and the rest of the crew did
an INCREDIBLE job! I was so impressed at Vaeris's narration, among other things!

We ended up raising plenty of money and saving the temple!

Hopefully by now the heat's died down on the whole Xanathar situation. It's
time to get our plan together and head back!
