---
title: "Session 27: We Love Jornathan!"
layout: 'post'
---

Our 6 second fight with Manchun!

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (away)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (away)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (present)
* Aethrex (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (away)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (away)
    * Tisk - rat familiar (away)
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (away)

---

We made a list of demands from Laeral in exchange for returning the staff. Sent Vaeris and Nerali to the Castle with the list for some reason.

Meanwhile, we got an alert from Elra that Manchun has shown up at the Yellow Tower again! We raced down there to find her and a couple dead city guards, along with Manchun and two henchmen and a giant fist. Aethrex immediately used a big ground attack on them, shaking the building and defeating(?) the fist.

I stabbed one of the henchmen.

Manchun ran downstairs and put up a forcefield, just as the building started to collapse.

We all got out, but it was the shortest fight I've ever been in!

---

We take the henchmen - Jornathan and Thom - prisoners, and bring them back to Trollskull Manor. We questioned them, and they were very kind. They helped us build a map. Jornathan was very kind, Thom was kind of a dick.

Tala went to get snacks for the prisoners, and Dezri followed for some reason.

---

Tala and Aethrex went down to the library to research the Stone of Golor. They found out a few things:

* Destroying it might release the Aboleth, which would be Bad
* It can erase a memory from everyone on the plane - including the caster - by attuning and completing a one-day ritual
* It must answer one question honestly per day, including about the erased memories (note that it can't *restore* the memories)
* Further questions it can choose to answer, but can also lie

---

Me and Dezri went down to the Waterdeep Post to talk to the editor, Shan. We gave him a story about Manchun coming back to run the Zhent, destroying the Yellow Tower (where we'd rescued Shan from), and told him to talk to Elra. In retrospect, we may have made things worse but boy it'll be fun!

I also sent a note to Tala to ask them to look into Manchun. They said my note was confusing. They're wrong.

---

Upon returning, we found that Nerali and Vaeris have returned with a sealed Bag of Holding and Davil. We are asked to sign a letter saying we will help Laeral in exchange for getting Davil back and other stuff that we wanted.

We all signed, though Tala did something sketchy.

We got some cool gear. Turns out that Davil is being freed into my custody, which is kinda awkward.

Then, we spent like an hour arguing with Davil. The party got the impression that he was supposed to be Good, and he's trying to explain that he's a mercenary. It was quite the thing.

We did summon Yagra, though she misunderstood my note and brought chickens.
