---
title: "Session 23: The belly of the beast"
layout: 'post'
---

Our second visit to Xanathar

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (away)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (present)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (present)
* Aethrex (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (present)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (present)
    * Tisk - rat familiar (away)
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (away)

---

Now that the heat died down, it's time to return to the Xanathar Lair to get
the Eye and confront Nihilor!

Adrenaline is high. We don't know what to expect. But we have a plan!

We split into two groups: me, Dezri, Tala, and Aethrex go in first, as the Stealth team

Vaeris, Holga, Maloon, and Savra are waiting outside, they're the attack team

In we go!

We started to head back to the surveillance room, but the big central room is full of Xanathar blah blah blah'ing at his people. So instead we went around and took a secret passage we'd found, and back through the tavern.

We arrive at the panopticon, find the magic dwarves as promised, and a big bell thing that they use to sound the alarm. Tala recognizes and disables it, then we tie up the dwarves and drag them into an alcove. Their brains appear to be completely broken - very sad.

Next, we simply had to explore. We went down the hall marked "Artificer", and sure enough, we found an artificer. We told them that Aethrex is their new intern and left them there.

We cross back to the east side, and try to find a way into Xanathar's room. We find a hole in the ceiling blocked by a bounder, and send Tisk through. They confirm that Xanathar's room is mostly unguarded, and that there's a door on the west side.

Off we go, back to the west side! We fetch Aethrex (or maybe they escaped? I forget), and take a secret passage into Xan's room.

The Eye is in a big water tank in the middle of the room, so Aethrex turns into a seal and spider climbs in. We take the Eye and all the other gems, because why not?

Together, we lift the rock to open the back exit, and head off.

After a bit of bickering, we decided to call in our backup and head into Nihilor's room, past a group of brainless fish people.

When we arrive, he greets us and beckons us in...
