---
title: "Session 19: Cocaine owlbear"
layout: 'post'
---

Finally dealing with Waller!

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (away)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (present)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (present)
* Aethrax (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (away)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (away)
    * Tisk - rat familiar (away)
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (away)

---

We wrapped up the Meloon plot by bringing them to The Blackstaff, which I wasn't
(spiritually) present for.

---

Head to Waller's manor. Vaeris sent his sphinx familiar to go scout for the carriage, which is gone.

After some confusion, Vaeris and Nerali go talk to Waller's guard. They invented a story about crabs or something? Somehow the guard agrees to tell us where to find Waller at his country estate.

We hire a carriage and head off!

---

When we arrive, we don't see any guards but decide to be cautious anyways.

We find a carriage with a giant spider, and an empty carriage. We found the secret drug compartments in the carriage, which proves what we already knew - he's smuggling drugs!!

We creep around the property, and find their carriages with bored drivers. We disabled Waller's carriage using the Immovable Rod to ensure he can't get away, though I'm not sure why in retrospect?

Hide out and wait

---

Eventually the carriages try to move and Waller's fails. The driver gets out to see what's going on. Dezri knocks him out, and I try to replace him, but the others catch us. I try to talk our way out of it, then Vaeris turns into a vampire thing and that's that.

The highlight of the fight was a drugged-out owlbear charging at us, and us taking him down pretty quickly.

We also discovered that the Eversmoking Bottle produces quite a lot of smoke :)

Oh yeah, and we made great use of caltrops we found!

We deal with everything as the fire department shows up, and release the spider on the way out.
