---
title: "Session 17: Yelling at nobles"
layout: 'post'
---

Zendari yells at nobles and we find The Black Viper!

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (away)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (present)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (away)
* Aethrax (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (present)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (away)
    * Tisk - rat familiar (away!)
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (present)

---

Headed back to the tavern to meet up with the rest of the crew, but Vaeris and Aethrax are getting high in the basement.

Head to Princess Buttercup's mercantile. Have a nice chat with her about our history while Vaeris plays with her kittens. She told us she has a lead, and gave us the name of another noble who was robbed by the Black Viper - Vithril Margaster in the Sea Ward.

---

Since it's time to talk to nobles, we went and fetched Zendari.

Even though I still distrust nobles with a passion, seeing Zendari lord over them was a thing to behold! We went to the Margaster's household and he demanded his way in.

The Black Viper has broken in recently wearing a purple cloak and took an heirloom - a magic bottle with a genie in it. They were apparently either feminine or an elf, and had jimmied the window open.

Fortunately, we found a shred of cloak that had ripped off, and (somebody?) recognized it as the same one worn by the person they delivered potions to a long time ago.

---

After running down that lead for awhile, we tracked it back to Esvelle Rosner from the Shipwright's Ball.

We went over to the bookstore across the street and picked up a map of the city and a guide to the local nobles. No more library for us!

We head down to the Rosner household. Zendari tells them that we're his servants and they are to train us to do better.

We tried to question the butler but.... find out that Esvelle is The Black Viper!!

*cliffhanger*

(I guess this makes sense - at the Shipwright's Ball she seemed interested in The Black Viper!)
