---
title: "Session 16: The chaotic opening"
layout: 'post'
---

Embrace the chaos?

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (present)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (present)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (away)
* Aethrex (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (present)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (present)
    * Tisk - rat familiar
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (away)

---

Leave the sewers, go find Tala. Spend a bunch of time in the tavern of their inn, annoy the bartender

Discuss Waller / Jarlaxle plans - Tala will write a note to Waller saying that we'll come by

The next morning, pick up coffee and head to the Sea Maiden's Fair to see Jarlaxle, accept an alliance with him. I think we let him keep the Stone of Golor though.

We decided that the eyes are:

* Cassalanters - maybe (they have an abandoned windmill that we should investigate
* Zhent - they're working for a powerful wizard, and their base is the towers thta we've been to
* Xanathar - Jarlaxle has a spy in the guild who's spoken to Nihilor, but haven't heard from him in awhile. They also run an arena and have magical surveillance

He also gave us three more paper cranes

---

Grand opening! A ton happened so just a quick rundown...

A bunch of folks show up - Yagra, Embrick, Aviv, 2 gnomes, halfling, Rishal, some friends

Agerna performs

3 humans and a dwarf arrive, other leave

Volo and Fa-La and Ranear and Elra enter - Ranear mentions the missing soap

Nerali drinks till she passes out

Volo takes the stage

Holga shows up, finds out about Liff, learns to accept him thanks to Dezri

Savra shows up in a wig trying to monitor Nerali

Mert arrives, some nobles

Waller and his wife show up looking for "Sir Tala", but Tala hides. He says that Tala can come over any time

Dez pickpockets 7gp from Waller

Vivet + 4 (evil) Zhent show up, as well as Reba

"Chaos erupts"

Some Draugr show up, just get seated

Keep Reba safe

Capture 2 cultists

Lock the Zhent in the alley

What a night!
