---
title: "Session 21: Delving into the Xanathar Lair"
layout: 'post'
---

We survived our first trip to the Xanathar!!

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (present)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (present)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (present)
* Aethrex (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (away)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (away)
    * Tisk - rat familiar (away)
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (away)

---

I guess we're ready to start facing the big baddies!

We had a party vote and, despite being the least important, we decided to head
to the Xanathar lair! Alrighty!

After some shopping for potions we disguised ourselves to look like Xanathar
gang members and headed down the sewers. We left Tala at the entrance to stand
guard.

We got in without being bothered too much, and joined the crowds in the arena.
We thought we could blend in, but forgot how crazy we are. We definitely stood
out a bit, but I don't think they knew who we actually were! We saw a minotaur
kill a halfling, and I know it bothered Vaeris but there was no way we could
have intervened :(

We snuck off towards the pub (on the map that we were given). We got there no
problem (other than a jester...), and while Vaeris distracted them with greased-
up oil wrestling (or something), wandered into the back. I found a prisoner/chef
named Bepis, and eventually ditched him and took an invisibility potion. I
looked around the hallways, and with my x-ray ring found a room with Nar'l (and
what I learned later is a Grell), as well as a room that looks like a lab (that
I'd later found out is a crypt, basically).

We all congregate by the Grell room and ambush it. We killed it in like 1
second - I dunno why we were so afraid. Maybe killing IS the answer?

We explored a bit more, and found a secret passage, but Nar'l was NOT okay with
waiting around so we headed for the exit. A dwarf (who we'd later find out is
one of Xanathar's lieutenants) met us at the door with a minotaur and an ogre.

We did a pretty good job dispatching them before getting back to Tala and to
the surface.

We were paranoid that we were followed, so instead of going back to Trollskull
we decided to go to the Temple of Tyr and get some help from Holga!
