---
title: "Session 26: The Castle!"
layout: 'post'
---

Wherein Laeral doesn't understand the concept of "reward"

---

Cast:

* Youte Haire (he/him) - human - rogue - Ron (present)
* Nerali (she/her) - tiefling - bard - Kae (present)
* Vaeris (he/him) - elf - warlock - Aaron (present)
* Dezri (he/him) - half-elf - rogue - Sammy (present)
* Aethrex (they/them) - fire genossi - druid - Zach (away)
* Tala (they/them) - half-elf - wizard - Nick (away)
    * Tisk - rat familiar (away)
* Zendari - Eladrin - artificer - Joe (away)


---

We spent some time to look our best, then took a carriage to the Castle.

We were served a decadent meal while people are starving on the streets! I saw a homeless guy right by the tavern laying emaciated in the gutter, right by where Vaeris likes to go for his walks!

The Open Lord, Laeral, told us that the treasure we're trying to find includes the Dragon Staff of Ahghairon, which is the key to the dragon shield protecting Waterdeep. She basically implied that we should be honored that we're doing it to save the city. I love Waterdeep just fine, but as if I care.

Then she said she'd ensure the money we get goes to the Orphanage in exchange for the staff. I'm still not convinced we'll get any money, but up til now we'd assumed that whatever is in the vault will go to us. She wanted us to be thankful for the exchange in which we basically had stuff taken away. Yeesh.

I think she felt insulted, because we were shown to the door pretty quickly once dinner finished.

I AM impressed that the crew was well behaved, at least!

---

Upon returning, we met with the Black Viper, who gave us info on the Cassalanter's. I wasn't around when she was given the original information, but it sounds like they held back some key information.

I was blunt, because I'm sick of all these stupid games. I told her what we're looking for and why.

It kinda worked out well because she had taken a Potion of Mind Reading and knew what we were thinking!

We spent a lot of time debating plans for laying siege to the Cassalanter's, and decided that the best option was to attack during a big ritual they're doing in like a Tenday. So I guess we have some time to look after the Zhent!
